Chapter 1: Building Our First Resource (1)
    Ash is a set of tools you can use to describe and build the Domain Model. For this we will set up the Tunez Application, install Ash, and build our first reasource.

    Getting the Ball Rolling
        This will be a lightweight spotify app (without the music). 

        Setting Up Your Development Environement
            They created a starter github for this project so run
                git clone https://github.com/sevenseacat/tunez
                cd tunez
                mix setup
                mix phx.server

            IF all that works you have everthing you need. if not make sure you have asdf and insall the files in the .tool-versions

        Welcome to ASH!!
            Now that we know its all working we can now be sure to insall an other depedency which is ingiter, this is already ready to go from the Tunez project. This will set some new deps and formatter lines as well as fixing the config to be sure to have all the right depedency.
                mix igniter.insall ash

            Next we need to set up the post_gres for ash as well. This will do the following add and fetch ash_postgres Hex package, add more autoformatting to config and formatter, update the database to use ASH, update some alias to use ASH instead of Ecto, Generate our first migration, generate the extensions for the config. 
                mix igniter.install ash_postgres

        Reasources and Domains
            One of the most important concept is resource in ASH. They are domain model objects (nouns our app revolves around). 

            Related resources are grouped together into Domains. What this means for our app is that we will define several domainds for distinct ideas within the app, Music, Album, Artist, Track User, Notifications

            We will set attributes for each. which is data that maps to keys of the resource's struct. 

        Generating the Artist Resource
            First we can create the Artist resource. It will hold the artists name and biography. For this we will use a generator with this command. It will do the following: create a new module Tunez.Music.Artist, a new domain module named Tunez.Music (check out lib/tunez/music/artist.ex) 
                mix ash.gen.resource Tunez.Music.Artist -- extend postgres

            Now that we have the general domain we can now populate it with a table and some attributes
                defmodule Tunez.Music.Artist do
                    use Ash.Resource, otp_app: :tunez, domain: Tunez.Music, data_layer: AshPostgres.DataLayer

                    postgres do
                        table("artists")
                        repo(Tunez.Repo)
                    end
                end

            Then we can set some attributes: first we want a primary key UUID key, time stamp fields (create_timestamp, update_timestamp, name, biography) as you can see below a lot of this can be done with just simple keywords.
                attributes do
                    uuid_primary_key(:id)

                    attribute :name, :string do
                    allow_nil?(false)
                    end

                    attribute(:biography, :string)
                    create_timestamp(:inserted_at)
                    update_timestamp(:updated_at)
                end


    Oh, CRUD! - Defining Basic Actions

    Integrating Actions into LiveViews

Chapter 2: Extending Reasources with Business Logic (33)
    Reasources and Relationships

    Loading Related Reasource Data

    Structured Data with Validations and Identities

    Deleting All of the Things

    Changing Data with Actions

Chapter 3: Creating a Better Search UI (59)
    Custom Actions with Arguments

    Dynamically Sorting Artists

    Pagination of Search Results

    No DB field? No Problems, with Calculations

    Relationship Calculations as Aggregates

Chapter 4: Generating APIs Without Writing Code (85)
    Model Your Domain, Derive the Results
    
    Building A JSON REST interface

    Building a GraphQL interface

Chapter 5: Authentication: Who Are You? (107)
    Introducing AshAuthentication

    Setting Up Password Authentication

    Automatic UIs with AshAuthenticationPhoenix

    Setting Up Magic Link Authentication

Chapter 6: Authorization: What Can You Do? (123)
    Introducing Policies

    Authorizing API Access for Authentication

    Assigning Roles to Users

    Writing Policies for Artists
    
    Removing Forbidden Actions from the UI

    Writing Policies for Albums

Chapter 7: Testing Your Application (157)
    What Should We Test?

    Setting Up Data

    Consolidating Test Setup Logic

    Testing Reasources

    Testing Interfaces

Chapter 8: Having Fun With Nested Forms (179)
    Setting Up a Track Resource
    
    Managing Relationships for Related Reasources

    Reorder All of the Tracks!!!

    Automatic Converstions Between Seconds and Minutes

    Adding Track Data to API Responses

Chapter 9: Following Your Favorite Artists (207)
    Modelling with a Many-to-Many Relationship

    Who Do You Follow?

    Spicing Up the Artist Catalog

Chapter 10: Delivering Real-Time Updates with PubSub (225O)
    Notifying Users About New Albums

    Running Actions in Bulk

    Showing Notifications to Users

    Updating Notifications in Real Time
    
    We Need to Talk About Atomics

    Wrapping Everything Up